Java doc: "Starting Ray" page (#10062)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/starting-ray.rst

Installation
------------

.. tabs::
  .. group-tab:: Python

    Install Ray with ``pip install -U ray``. For the latest wheels (a snapshot of the ``master`` branch), you can use the instructions at :ref:`install-nightlies`.

  .. group-tab:: Java

>     Add `Ray API <https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/io.ray/ray-api>`_ and `Ray Runtime <https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/io.ray/ray-runtime>`_ as dependencies. We don't publish snapshot versions right now. Note that to start a multi-node Ray cluster, you'll also need to follow the installation instructions of Python version.

Reviewer: We should explain that `pip install` will also install Java jars. And these dependencies are used to compile code and run Ray on a single machine.

There are two steps needed to use Ray in a distributed setting:

    1. You must first start the Ray cluster.

      If you have a Ray cluster specification (:ref:`ref-automatic-cluster`), you can launch a multi-node cluster with Ray initialized on each node with ``ray up``. **From your local machine/laptop**:

      .. code-block:: bash

          ray up cluster.yaml

      You can monitor the Ray cluster status with ``ray monitor cluster.yaml`` and ssh into the head node with ``ray attach cluster.yaml``.

    2. Specify the address of the Ray cluster when initializing Ray in your code. This causes Ray to connect to the existing cluster instead of starting a new one on the local node.

      .. tabs::
        .. group-tab:: Python

          You need to add the ``address`` parameter to ``ray.init`` (like ``ray.init(address=...)``). To connect your program to the Ray cluster, add the following to your Python script:

          .. code-block:: python

              ray.init(address="auto")

        .. group-tab:: Java

          You need to add the ``ray.redis.address`` parameter to your command line (like ``-Dray.redis.address=...``).

>           You need to add the ``ray.job.resource-path`` parameter as well. Your jar files must be distributed manually to all the nodes of the Ray cluster before running your code. You also need to make sure the paths of jar files are the same among nodes. Let's say your jar files are located in ``/path/to/jars/``, all files under this path will be loaded by worker processes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          You need to add the ``ray.job.resource-path`` parameter as well. Your jar files must be distributed to all the nodes of the Ray cluster before running your code. You also need to make sure the paths of jar files are the same among nodes. Let's say your jar files are located in ``/path/to/jars/``, all files under this path will be loaded by worker processes.
```

Note that some behavior such as setting global process variables may not work as expected.

.. note:: This feature is not supported in Java. But we have the single process mode in Java to help with debugging. See `Single process mode (Java)`_ for details.

> Single process mode (Java)

Reviewer: we can rename Java's single-process mode to local mode too. And combine the Python and Java sections.

    $ ray start --address=<address>

Local mode
----------

.. caution:: This feature is maintained solely to help with debugging, so it's possible you may encounter some issues. If you do, please `file an issue <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/issues>`_.

> By default, Ray will parallelize its workload and run tasks on different nodes. However, if you need to debug your Ray program, it may be easier to do everything on a single process. You can force all Ray functions to occur on a single process by enabling local mode as the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Ray will parallelize its workload and run tasks on multiple processes and multiple nodes. However, if you need to debug your Ray program, it may be easier to do everything on a single process. You can force all Ray functions to occur on a single process by enabling local mode as the following:
```
